---
layout: project
title:  "Project title"
permalink: /documentation/shb/
---

# Project title

The goal of this webpage is to describe the process that generated the dataset that you have uploaded to the LiveMe repository. The dataset pages link to this webpage. It allows a potential consumer of the dataset to understand whether it fits his/her needs and to reproduce the project. This document contains why the dataset has been collected and how the data has been processed.

## Rationale for a new dataset
This section should provide an overview of the study that generated the data, as well as outlining the potential reuse value of the data.
Briefly provide a background of the project by providing an overview of the study that generated the data. You could also argue for the benefits of the proposed dataset, outlining the potential reuse value of the data or the new type of research it enables.

## Method

This section details data collection protocols such as apparatus (e.g., smartphone model and operating system version), duration, and environments. The authors may include technical and scientific aspects related to tools, procedures, and best practices which enabled the dataset to be collected and curated.

## Data Records

This section should be used to explain each datasets associated with this work, including the repository where this information is stored, and to provide an overview of the data files and their formats.

## Validation

The section describes the value and the validity of the datasets (e.g., the percentage of missing data is low, all timediaries were answered), and possible limitations (e.g., the initial survey collecting demographics has not been completed).

Examples:
- By looking at the documentation generated by the data preparation pipeline (e.g., codebooks), did you detect some problem in the data (e.g., columns with a high percentage of missing values, sensors with little or no data,...)?

- Were there problems during the data collection and/or preparation? Did they impact the quality of the data? Did you address them? Examples: 
    - I usually turn off the smartphone when I perform sports activities; thus, there is no data in that periods of time;
    - the step counter does not have data because the current operating system version does not support it.

## Conclusion and comments

This section outlines the final considerations of the project, observations, and limitations of the work. If you want, you can include feedback about the project.

Examples:

- Which analysis would you like to perform on this data (e.g., investigate which activities during the day impacted your mood in the evening)?
- Which other types of data would you like to collect or produce to perform the analysis?

- What and why would you change in the data collection design to increase the quality of the dataset? (e.g, additional sensors, more/less questions, shorter data collection period)


## Information about this template

### Useful references

This template is an adaptation of these guidelines on how research datasets are described:

- [IMWUT Dataset Papers](https://dl.acm.org/journal/imwut/dataset-papers-guidelines)
- [Scientific Data - Nature](https://www.nature.com/sdata/publish/for-authors)

Dataset paper example: [GLOBEM: Cross-Dataset Generalization of Longitudinal Human Behavior Modeling](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3569485)

### Technical details about this webpage
This document is written in Mardown. [Here](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/) you can find the basic syntax. Once saved, GitHub automatically converts this file into a html page.
